Usually not.
But Lu Chengyu is not an ordinary man
You have known Lu Chengyu for so many years
You know what kind of person he is best
You have been married for so long
The time you left Mrs. Chen
Did he ever dislike your appearance?
He has because others are beautiful
And Gao glanced at them?
He is kind to Jiang Yurou
That's also because Jiang Yurou falsely claimed your identity
buy and sell
Dad believes in your vision
otherwise
I will not agree to your marriage with Lu Chengyu either
If he's really that bad
Will you like him for so many years?
Misunderstood right
But I still don't want to forgive him.
Dad didn't say he wants you to forgive him
I just want to watch you suffer
You know, after all, he also hurt
If you want a divorce
Dad will definitely support you.
Thank you dad and grandma
Do what you want.
In fact, you have the same personality as your mother
They refuse to admit defeat
Dad, you said
My mom, would she still want to see me?
You are his only daughter
How could he not want to see you?
But I heard he has a new family.
What does it matter?
You secretly go to see him
He has an International Chamber of Commerce in a few days.
He doesn't know what you say yet.
You don't tell him who you are
Test his attitude towards you
I know.
OK
There you go.